Understanding the problem
This error occurs when your code (or a bundled library) attempts to assign a property named Children to a variable that is currently undefined.

In the context of the stack trace (react-vendor, vendor), this usually points to a React version mismatch or a broken module import. Specifically, a library that expects the global React object to exist is finding it undefined, or a build tool (like Vite or Webpack) has incorrectly shimmed a CommonJS dependency that expects module.exports to be an object.

Common causes include:

Multiple versions of React being loaded simultaneously.
Importing a legacy library that expects window.React to be defined.
A misconfigured bundler (Vite/Rollup/Webpack) failing to transform a UMD/CommonJS package.
How to verify
Check for multiple Reacts: Run npm ls react or yarn why react in your terminal. If you see more than one version or multiple instances in the tree, this is likely the cause.
Inspect the global scope: Open the DevTools console and type React. If it returns undefined, libraries relying on the global namespace will fail.
Check the source: Click the link in the stack trace (react-vendor-DnuSwY6j.js:1:6435). Look at the code immediately preceding the error to see what object is being assigned the Children property (it is likely trying to do something like exports.Children = ... or React.Children = ...).
Suggested fix
1. Deduplicate React
If you have multiple versions of React, force a single version using "resolutions" (Yarn) or "overrides" (NPM) in your package.json:

json

{
  "overrides": {
    "react": "$react",
    "react-dom": "$react-dom"
  }
}
Use code snippets with caution

2. Fix Bundler Configuration
If you are using Vite and a library is failing to find React, ensure you aren't accidentally externalizing it or that your define config isn't stripping necessary globals. If the error happens during a production build, try adding the library to optimizeDeps.include.

3. Ensure Proper Imports
Ensure you are not mixing import * as React and import React in a way that confuses your transpiler, especially if using older libraries:

js

// Change this:
import React from 'react'; 
// To this (if the library expects the namespace):
import * as React from 'react';
Use code snippets with caution

Summary
Reason: The code tried to access .Children on an undefined object, usually the React namespace or a module exports object.
Fix: Ensure only one version of React is installed and that your bundler is correctly identifying and injecting the React dependency into third-party vendor scripts.